Prepare 3.0.1 release (#2648)
dotnet/vscode-dotnet-runtime: vscode-dotnet-runtime-extension/CHANGELOG.md

An option to enforce local SDK selection, similar to 'existingDotnetPath' which only applies to runtime selection.

## [3.0.1] - 2026-4

Bug fixes to support containers or synced machines with different operating systems.
Reduced CPU consumption on Linux when updating installs in certain scenarios - thank you @thomasxm!
Reduced memory usage and extension size.
Optimizations on Windows for resolving the correct install mechanisms.
Fixes for removed installs/cleanup of installs.
Fixes for online/offline detection with proxies.
Improvements to logging/diagnostic information.

> Better cleanup of stale mutex and inter and intraprocess caching for installs.

Reviewer: nit: Oh. Took me a second to realize the double and-ing intent. Maybe something like this would be cleaner?
```suggestion
Better cleanup of stale mutex and inter/intra-process caching for installs.
```

Dependency updates.

> Fixes for windows environment variables when further elevation is required to install the SDK.

Author: ```suggestion
Improvements to mutex handling on unix.
Adds `dotnet.getAcquisitionLog` command for extensions to call to expose our log.
Fixes for windows environment variables when further elevation is required to install the SDK.
```

An option to enforce local SDK selection, similar to 'existingDotnetPath' which only applies to runtime selection.

> ## [3.0.1] - 2026-4

Author: this is intentional as i dont know when this will actually release
